Make dev server headless (#65)
seamapi/edgespec: docs/programmatic-usage.md

# Programmatic Usage

Everything you can do through the CLI, you can do programmatically (and more!).

## Starting a dev server

> The simple method:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Contrasting with the "complex" use case pushes the average person to think about the complex use case. But as I understand it the average person shouldn't think about the complex use case. So I think it is best to remove this line.

```typescript
import { devServer } from "edgespec/dev"

// All properties are optional
devServer.startDevServer({
  configPath: "./edgespec.config.ts",
  config: {
    // Override something from your config file
  },
  port: 3000,
  onListening: (port) => {
    console.log(`Listening on port ${port}`)
  },
  onBuildStart: () => {
    console.log("Building...")
  },
  onBuildEnd: () => {
    console.log("Build complete")
  },
})
```

> If you instead want to only run the bundler once but have multiple servers (useful in testing environments):
> 
> ```typescript
> import { EventEmitter } from "node:events"
> import { loadConfig } from "edgespec/config"
> import { devServer, HeadlessBuildEvents } from "edgespec/dev"
> 
> const config = await loadConfig("./edgespec.config.ts")
> 
> // This can be any compatible event emitter implementation
> const headlessEventEmitter = new EventEmitter() as HeadlessBuildEvents
> 
> devServer.headless.startBundler({
>   config,
>   headlessEventEmitter,
> })
> 
> // Can be run cheaply many times
> const server = devServer.headless.startServer({
>   port: 3000,
>   config,
>   headlessEventEmitter,
> })
> 
> server.listen(3000)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage for Test Runners (jest, mocha, vitest, jasmine, ava, ...)

If you instead want to only run the bundler once but have multiple servers, you can run in "headless mode". This [insert description of what headless mode is, why it's useful, how it's behavior differs from non-headless mode, etc]

<code sample>

```
